
# Image Labeler's Data

All image data for a given event inside the Image Labeler application falls into two main 
classifications; *labeled* and *unlabeled*. *Unlabeled* data has only been organized into an Earth 
Science Event, but has not yet been classified further. *Unlabeled* images may or may not actually
show the event. This data is also referred to as *untagged*.

*Labeled* (or *tagged*) data has been manually reviwed and further refined with a status of 
*present* or *not present*; indicating whether the phenomenon in question is shown or not in the 
given image. This data is ready to be downloaded and used for analysis and training.

For this challenge, *labeled* data is available for immediate download (see below for directions).
Alternatively, there is an option to upload, select, and tag your own images to create a custom
dataset. 


# Labeling Images

To begin labeling, you'll first need to add your own set of images. Documentation on this topic can
be [found here.](https://nasa-impact.github.io/image_labeler_docs/html/sectionfour.html) The linked 
page explains how to populate an event by either uploading images or extracting them from satellite 
data.

Once you're satisfied with the *unlabeled* images contained inside an event, you can start assigning
labels. A walkthrough of how to classify images as *present* or *not present* is 
[shown here.](https://nasa-impact.github.io/image_labeler_docs/html/sectionfive.html)


# Downloading Labeled Images

Now that you've chosen a set of *labeled* images, its time to download this data from Image Labeler
to use however you'd like. There are a couple ways to download images depending on what exactly 
you're looking for.

When browsing the Earth Science Events list page, two download options are given. First is the 
**Bulk Download** button in the top right. Clicking this button will give the option to download
all images(both *labeled* and *unlabeled*) for any selected events. The use of *Shift+Click* or 
*Ctrl+Click* allows multiple events to be downloaded at once. 

When viewing the event list, a download button is also given for each event. When clicked, a pop-up 
menu will prompt for which combination of *unlabeled*, *present*, or *not present* classified images
you are interested in downloading.

Lastly, when inside an event page, individual images can be selected and downloaded. This is useful
for downloading a subset of images already classified into one of the aforementionted categories. 
Directions for performing this download can be [found here.](https://nasa-impact.github.io/image_labeler_docs/html/sectionsix.html#images)
